[SYCLomatic][DOC] Add some manual fix examples (#1016)
oneapi-src/SYCLomatic: docs/dev_guide/diagnostic_ref/dpct1045.rst

For example, this original CUDA\* code:

.. code-block:: cpp
   :linenos:

   //     --         --
   //     | 1   0   2 |
   // A = | 0   3   4 |
   //     | 0   0   5 |
   //     --         --
   // a_val = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
   // a_row_ptr = [0, 2, 4, 5]
   // a_col_ind = [0, 2, 1, 2, 2]
   void test_cusparseTcsrmm(cusparseHandle_t handle, cusparseMatDescr_t descrA,
                            float alpha, float beta, float *b, float *c) {
     // malloc and set value
     float *a_val = my_malloc<float>();
     int *a_row_ptr = my_malloc<int>();
     int *a_col_ind = my_malloc<int>();
     set_value(a_val);
     set_value(a_row_ptr);
     set_value(a_col_ind);
   
     // calculate
     cusparseSetMatType(descrA, CUSPARSE_MATRIX_TYPE_SYMMETRIC);
     cusparseScsrmm(handle, CUSPARSE_OPERATION_NON_TRANSPOSE, 4, 2, 5, 9, &alpha,
                    descrA, a_val, a_row_ptr, a_col_ind, &beta, 5, b, c, 4);
   
     // synchronize and check value
     ...
     // free
     my_free(a_val);
     my_free(a_row_ptr);
     my_free(a_col_ind);
   }

> results in the following migrated SYCL code:

Reviewer: Add "*" to SYCL - not yet attributed on page. Need to attribute first use only.

Author: done

Author: done

    }

results in the following migrated SYCL code:

.. code-block:: cpp
   :linenos:

    void test_cusparseTcsrmm(sycl::queue *handle,
                             std::shared_ptr<dpct::sparse::matrix_info> descrA,
                             float alpha, float beta, float *a_val, int *a_row_ptr,
                             int *a_col_ind, float *b, float *c) {
      descrA->set_matrix_type(dpct::sparse::matrix_info::matrix_type::sy);
      /*
      DPCT1045:0: Migration is only supported for this API for the general sparse
      matrix type. You may need to adjust the code.
      */
      dpct::sparse::csrmm(*handle, oneapi::mkl::transpose::nontrans, 4, 2, 5,
                          &alpha, descrA, a_val, a_row_ptr, a_col_ind, &beta, 5, b,
                          c, 4);
    }

which is rewritten to:

.. code-block:: cpp
   :linenos:

    void test_cusparseTcsrmm(sycl::queue *handle,
                             std::shared_ptr<dpct::sparse::matrix_info> descrA,
                             float alpha, float beta, float *a_val, int *a_row_ptr,
                             int *a_col_ind, float *b, float *c) {

>       // Update the data in matrix A from an upper(lower) matrix to a general matrix

Reviewer 2: can we give sample/pseudo code here

Author: done

   //     | 1   0   2 |
   // A = | 0   3   4 |
   //     | 0   0   5 |
   //     --         --
   // a_val = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
   // a_row_ptr = [0, 2, 4, 5]
   // a_col_ind = [0, 2, 1, 2, 2]
    void test_cusparseTcsrmm(sycl::queue *handle,
                             std::shared_ptr<dpct::sparse::matrix_info> descrA,
                             float alpha, float beta, float *a_val, int *a_row_ptr,
                             int *a_col_ind, float *b, float *c) {
      descrA->set_matrix_type(dpct::sparse::matrix_info::matrix_type::sy);
      /*
      DPCT1045:0: Migration is only supported for this API for the general sparse
      matrix type. You may need to adjust the code.
      */
      dpct::sparse::csrmm(*handle, oneapi::mkl::transpose::nontrans, 4, 2, 5,
                          &alpha, descrA, a_val, a_row_ptr, a_col_ind, &beta, 5, b,
                          c, 4);
    }

which is rewritten to:

.. code-block:: cpp
   :linenos:

   //     --         --
   //     | 1   0   2 |
   // A = | 0   3   4 |
   //     | 0   0   5 |
   //     --         --
   // a_val = [1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
   // a_row_ptr = [0, 2, 4, 5]
   // a_col_ind = [0, 2, 1, 2, 2]
   //

>    //         --         --

Reviewer 2: Add comment in after Line91,  to tell how to construct new-A

   //         | 1   0   2 |
   // new_A = | 0   3   4 |
   //         | 2   4   5 |
   //         --         --

>    // new_a_val = [1, 2, 3, 4, 2, 4, 5]

Reviewer 2: add comment to tell how to construct new_a_val, and so on.

>                              std::shared_ptr<dpct::sparse::matrix_info> descrA,

Reviewer 2: In line 102,  let's add a new pseudo function:  convert_data_fomat()

Author: done

                             float alpha, float beta, float *a_val, int *a_row_ptr,
                             int *a_col_ind, float *b, float *c) {
      descrA->set_matrix_type(dpct::sparse::matrix_info::matrix_type::ge);

>       float* new_a_val = sycl::malloc_shared<float>(7, *handle);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      float* new_a_val =allocate_memory(size) // compute new_a_val size from a_val, just as new_a_val in comment

```

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can provide helper function to cal the size of memory required and fill the memory based on a_val.
